[MTM-56083]: User guide how to generate device access token using X509 certificate (#1795)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/mqtt-bundle/mqtt-connection.md

The CLIENT_ID value must match the value of the common name of the device certificate that will be used.
The certificate's common name should not contain `:` characters, see [MQTT ClientId](#mqtt-clientid) for more information.
The "d:" prefix is used in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} for device connections and it should not be removed or changed.
Now the only thing that must be configured to establish the SSL connection is to fill paths in the code fragment:

    sslProperties.put(SSLSocketFactoryFactory.KEYSTORE, getClass().getClassLoader().getResource(KEYSTORE_NAME).getPath());
    sslProperties.put(SSLSocketFactoryFactory.KEYSTOREPWD, KEYSTORE_PASSWORD);
    sslProperties.put(SSLSocketFactoryFactory.KEYSTORETYPE, KEYSTORE_FORMAT);
    sslProperties.put(SSLSocketFactoryFactory.TRUSTSTORE, getClass().getClassLoader().getResource(TRUSTSTORE_NAME).getPath());
    sslProperties.put(SSLSocketFactoryFactory.TRUSTSTOREPWD, TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD);
    sslProperties.put(SSLSocketFactoryFactory.TRUSTSTORETYPE, TRUSTSTORE_FORMAT);

* The certificate's common name should not contain `:` characters, see [MQTT ClientId](#mqtt-clientid) for more information.

>  KEYSTORE_NAME - The path to your keystore which contains the private key and the chain of certificates, which the device uses to authenticate itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* KEYSTORE_NAME - The path to your keystore which contains the private key and the chain of certificates, which the device uses to authenticate itself.
```

> * KEYSTORE_NAME is the path to your keystore, which contains the private key and the chain of certificates, which the device will use to authenticate itself.

Author: Done

> * KEYSTORE_NAME is the path to your keystore, which contains the private key and the chain of certificates, which the device will use to authenticate itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 KEYSTORE_NAME - The path to your keystore which contains the private key and the chain of certificates, which the device uses to authenticate itself.
```

> * KEYSTORE_PASSWORD is the password created for keystore to use its private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* KEYSTORE_PASSWORD - The password created for keystore to use its private key.
```

* KEYSTORE_FORMAT - Either "JKS" or "PKCS12" depending on the file format. The path is provided by KEYSTORE_NAME.

> * TRUSTSTORE_NAME is the path to your truststore which contains the certificate of the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TRUSTSTORE_NAME - The path to your truststore which contains the certificate of the server.
```

> * TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD is the password to access the truststore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD - The password to access the truststore.
```

> * TRUSTSTORE_FORMAT must be "JKS" or "PKCS12" depending on the file format. The path is provided by TRUSTSTORE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TRUSTSTORE_FORMAT - Either "JKS" or "PKCS12" depending on the file format. The path is provided by TRUSTSTORE.
```
